Li Hongyi is actually Song Yuanjiang's daughter
The donor 15 years ago was also Li Hongyi
He only has one kidney now.
Right.
You already knew
I just found out.
No wonder you keep Song Yuanjiang by your side
No wonder Li Hong wanted to see Song Yuanjiang
No wonder he went to Li Huilan's illness last night
Dr. Fang Zhao today
The result of matching him with Xiaohui's oath
Gave it to me.
It can be a far match for Xiaohui
How easy is it to find the second one?
Speaking of which, I have to thank Yiyi
If it weren't for Yiyi
Led Li Hongyi into Canhui Hotel
Conflict with Xiaohui
Caught my attention
I just checked his identity
Otherwise, Xiaohui is afraid that it will be doomed
Do you still think it's a disaster?
Was I wrong before?
Not a disaster
It is the lucky star of our family.
Since the wife has come back one by one
I promise you will be fine in the future.